add docs for generated custom viz boilerplate (#72878)
metabase/metabase: enterprise/frontend/src/custom-viz/src/templates/README.md

# `__CUSTOM_VIZ_NAME__`

A custom visualization plugin for [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com).

## Getting Started

### Install dependencies and start developing

```bash
npm install
npm run dev        # Watch mode — rebuilds and hot-reloads on changes
```

### Build for production

```bash
npm run build
```

> The build output goes to `dist/`, ready to be loaded into Metabase. Those files needs be committed into the repo to be later by Metabase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build output goes to `dist/`, ready to be loaded into Metabase. Those files need be committed into the repo to be later used (?) by Metabase.
```

Author: done

### Project structure

```
src/
  index.tsx             # Your visualization code — start here
metabase-plugin.json    # Plugin manifest (name, icon, assets, version)
public/
  assets/
    icon.svg            # Visualization icon (shown in chart type picker)
    ...                 # Any other static assets
vite.config.ts          # Build configuration (do not edit)
tsconfig.json
```

---

## Development

To develop against a live Metabase instance with hot-reload:

1. Start Metabase with dev mode enabled:

   ```
   MB_CUSTOM_VIZ_PLUGIN_DEV_MODE_ENABLED=true
   ```

2. In Metabase, go to **Admin → Custom visualizations → Development**.

3. Register your plugin and set the dev server URL to `http://localhost:5174`.

> 4. Run `npm run dev` — changes hot-reload automatically in Metabase.

Reviewer: I think this command should be put before step 3, otherwise it probably won't be registered. Although, I'm not 100% sure.

| -------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `getColor(name)`                 | `(name: string) => string` | Returns a hex color for the given Metabase color name.                        |
| `measureText(text, style)`       | `TextWidthMeasurer`        | Measures the rendered width of a text string.                                 |
| `measureTextHeight(text, style)` | `TextHeightMeasurer`       | Measures the rendered height of a text string.                                |
| `fontFamily`                     | `string`                   | The font family in use. Apply to root elements for consistent text rendering. |

### GraalJS limitations

Static components run inside a **GraalJS (GraalVM) server-side JavaScript engine**. The following are unavailable:

- Browser globals: `window`, `document`, `navigator`, `localStorage`
- Network: `fetch`, `XMLHttpRequest`
- Timers: `setTimeout`, `setInterval`
- Dynamic imports: `import()`

**Guidelines:**

> - Use fixed dimensions (e.g. `width: 540, height: 360`) — no responsive sizing.

Reviewer: maybe let's mention that SVGs are preferred

Author: Returning SVG is mandatory. That's how the example is presented.

```
  return (
    <svg viewBox={`0 0 540 360`} xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
      {/* Pure rendering — no event handlers */}
    </div>
  );

```

are you proposing to add a line that the function should return a valid React-SVG component?

Reviewer: exactly

Author: done
